docs: Improve FAQ.md (#6360)
simplex-chat/simplex-chat: docs/FAQ.md

- [Why cannot I delete messages I sent from my contact's device?](#why-cannot-i-delete-messages-i-sent-from-my-contacts-device)
- [What do group roles mean?](#what-do-group-roles-mean)
- [I don't want to share a web link or a QR code. How can I connect?](#i-dont-want-to-share-a-web-link-or-a-qr-code-how-can-i-connect)

> - [How to change server to my own](#how-to-change-server-to-my-own)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [How to change servers to my own](#how-to-change-servers-to-my-own)
```

becomes: `simplex:/i#E74vSxMwDnEx6DAvRCZmzBeZwwAseJUD/yVTHjaaH_EzL19DG7fvd46Mjry3IBqYT0UMo5G7l4jQ?h=smp18.simplex.im`

> ### How to change server to my own?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How to change servers to my own?
```

> You need to add your server in Settings -> Network & servers -> Your servers. If you have multiple profiles, you need to add your server in every profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add your server in Settings -> Network & servers -> Your servers. If you have multiple profiles, you need to add your server in every profile.
```

> Then you need to disable all other preset servers, if you have multiple profiles, you must first add your server in all profiles for this option to be available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After that, disable all preset servers. If you have multiple profiles, you must first add your server to all profiles for this option to be available.

To resolve SimpleX public names, if your server does not support it, you may leave preset servers enabled only for resolving the public names.
```

> Note: configured servers only determine which servers will be used for new connections (members/contacts). Previously created connections don't automatically switch. The workaround to this limitation is to manually switch all contacts and small/important groups (each member needs to be switched) and re-join all large groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note: configured servers only determine which servers will be used for the new connections (members/contacts). Previously created connections don't switch automatically. You can manually switch all existing contacts and small/important groups (each member needs to be switched), and then leave and re-join all large groups.
```
